# TGVE meeting 22/02/2022

- `tgve.zip`
  - where are we with this?
      - Nick and Lydia will add a line to tgve.R to check whether version has changed before building zip, and also investigate orphan branch
      - For future, replace zipfile-building with zzz.R to run inst/tgve.R when R package is built
- `reproducible.Rmd`
  - what does it validate/demonstrate the reproducibility of?
  - what can/should we move to Docker.R?
  - otherwise delete
- development setup
  - how to get `app` to pick up changes to `tgvejs`
    - `yarn watch` updates `tgvejs/dist` as .js files change -- but `app` doesn't pick these  up
    - `yarn test` in `tgvejs` -- can't find module `react` from `ReactSixteenAdapter.js`
- planning possible future activities
  - [Priority] Finish off and brush parts like the map view clipping on/off, showing user current filters etc
  - [Priority] Replace time slider on sidebar with time filter component on bottom space. Depending on how much TGVE should be equipped with ability to parse date/time columns this could be a relatively achievable or mission-creep task.
  - [Priority] Preserve API URL vars when mapview changes
  - Further generalising time column(s) selection based on (2)
  - Further generalise parts of the current app. For example letting users pass in column name(s) to generate specific ploys for, filtering json object etc
  - Export app filtering object, this has a React concept attached to it which can be the starting point, and allow users to pre-set what the app should visualize.
  - More extensive testing than current minimal React Unit Testing
  - Some optimisation in the way dataset is shredded by tgvejs which I know includes repetition, unnecessary re_rendeting etc.
  - The tgve need to support multiple layers at some point.
